Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
Dear fellow practitioners,
more than 2000-600
years ago,
the Buddha, during the 3A period of ascetic practice, led us to the path of suffering and
self-denial. Only then did he
find
liberation for us. The
Buddha, on the 49th night, the
final night,
began his enlightenment. From the first
to the third watch of the night,
we
learn and hear about the scene of the
Buddha's enlightenment: a
dark sky, swirling black
clouds, thunder and lightning, and torrential rain.
He was under the Bodhi tree, a tree with a thick canopy, much
thicker than the pines we see.
But why not
[music]
focus on the inner self?
Remember, the
sky was dark, swirling black clouds, thunder and lightning, and
torrential rain, but the Buddha focused
on the inner self,
not worrying about the external world. First, his mind
attained
enlightenment.
Therefore, we know that
he taught in written form.  This is the word for
us to practice:
One-minded
mindfulness,
controlling greed and deceit.
One-minded mindfulness, controlling greed and deceit—
remember this
throughout your practice, it's just that. One-minded mindfulness,
avoiding greed, controlling greed, and being mindful
means not being affected by any delusive thoughts
at all,
not always being in a state of being
very alert and clear-minded. My dear fellow practitioners, mindfulness means
always being mindful. Having awareness and being mindful leads to mindfulness.
And what is this mindfulness? Mindfulness
controlling greed and deceit.
This self-control of deceit is mindfulness. Do you understand?
Controlling greed and deceit is mindfulness. So, greed and
deceit arise from suffering,
pain in the body, in feelings, in the mind, and in phenomena.
Remember, listen carefully, one-
mindedness. That is, at that time, we are only in a
state of
controlling greed and
deceit. Mindfulness is also
controlling greed and deceit. Remember, this is
not the end. If we do
not have one-mindedness to control greed,
we are controlled by greed and deceit.
Today, to commemorate the day
our Buddha attained enlightenment,
all Buddhists, including some members of the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, gathered
with a spirit of
gratitude to the Buddha. To be
grateful to the Buddha,
we must know what he went through.
If we don't know what he experienced,
we cannot truly understand his teachings.
We benefit from his teachings, experiencing less
suffering and
distress, but to truly appreciate
his grace, we must strive to
live like him. Only then can we see his greatness.
Today, the weather isn't pouring
rain or raging storms like in the
royal palace.
Even in such a life, there is no external world around us. The
assembly says that there is no
happiness in the mind; the only world is the inner self.
But we, on the other hand, focus on the
outside world.
We never
examine our current state of mind
to guide our lives, and we are always
dependent on and believe in
external circumstances, giving rise to greed.
In this life,
today we truly remember his grace.  His teachings are
as follows:
we sit and
feel the cold, our bodies have
just climbed the mountain, so
we are still warm. The mind is focused on the meditation hall, and
together with some fellow practitioners, we come up here.
Last night,
we talked a little more.
The longer we sit online, the more beautiful and
profound it becomes. Let's see
how much we have been equipped today.
We have received many instructions, many things, this hat,
this warmth, still warm, it's
not quite right, it's still love,
but we must gradually train ourselves.
We sit
down, then our
body begins to focus, our
body rises up,
and we control those desires. How do we control them?
Only we ourselves
know. Then
our feelings must be known, and we
control our vows.
Then our mind, with its wandering
thoughts, arises,
seeking answers, remembering, flowing,
so much, then we
control it. Then we begin to
see diligence or a diligent mind,
see single-mindedness or not single-mindedness.
Of course, when it comes to the development part,
we...  We're still weak, so let's just stop
there. Why do we have to meditate
today? Because there are so
many of us, we see people's feet
touching each other, some touching each other's feet, others touching each other's
belongings. We're a bit
lazy, so we're just sitting here leaning against each other like
this. Today we're just sitting in the breeze,
feeling a little, but it's not meditation yet. To
meditate, people should sit
a little further apart. In the vast mountains and forests,
we still have plenty of space. You don't need to
know that when you meditate,
you need to have nothing open to you, so that you can easily practice contemplation and
reflect on your inner self. If
we sit too close together,
it closes the door, and that's how we
practice. So today I'm sitting here to feel, but today isn't called meditation yet. Only when some of you down there sit further apart can we truly meditate. Remember, dear fellow practitioners, remember that I've
put this into my mind. When
meditating, the sitting position must be a
certain distance.  To be able to live alone with one
's inner self
like this is not enough. So,
dear fellow practitioners, remember the temple and meditation hall.
We begin by sitting with
[music].
Although we can do everything, we
do it without greed. We hear
everything, we
perceive everything, but without greed.
That is what we must achieve. To
reach that point, our Buddha, the
Enlightened One, taught us. But
we must have the
environment to practice. Today, meditating like
this is not the right environment. Sitting in a
four-walled house is not the right
school. Remember,
all rain, wind, thunder, lightning, and
poisonous insects must
still be present.
That is called single-mindedness,
and we haven't achieved it yet. At that point, it's not called
single-mindedness. To practice
meditation, you must understand what
level is needed, what state of mind is needed. When
we understand that, we
don't give up, but always persevere and strive. Do you all understand?
Don't be romantic. All
external obstacles
can be dealt with, but the
inner self must remain in that state.  If
one focuses on eliminating attachments
but doesn't truly eliminate them completely,
then meditation practice will only yield one result.
Because we are still immersed in material debts,
how can we know the
clear nature of wealth, the sensations of wealth, the immense energy
of material gain? We
don't even know what it is. A
meditator cannot
eliminate every single illusory thought;
they must clearly recognize its power and cultivate it
to understand
its manifestation. We must know the power
of karma, we must discover the
power of the individual, don't just say that illusory thoughts
are too crude. Do you understand, everyone?
Therefore, we must
recognize what is
necessary for us to achieve it. Only then
will our community strive,
strive very hard.
Therefore, the mind should be unified, focused on the
righteous path. Only by
not talking
can one practice meditation. A person who is
unified in all directions, east, west, north, and south, should
not think about practicing meditation. A
meditator who
speaks and thinks
but never departs from mindfulness, the community
does not depart from the path, no matter what the matter is,
mindfulness controls greed and worry.
People are always  Mindfulness, even in the
workplace, remains within the state of mindfulness that
controls the external world. We
do all our tasks without ever
losing sight of it. Let's
not use the phrase "I am
mindful." We are just beginning our practice. We practice the Four
Foundations of Mindfulness to learn to perceive our minds
through
those four points. Then, we can achieve
single-mindedness and control the two sides of our minds.
Now, let's
begin our practice session. Remember,
don't pay attention to what's around you,
don't pay attention to external things.
If your mind wanders,
focusing on what's around you, focusing on external things,
we should be aware of it so we can leave the state of
single-mindedness, clearly
seeing our own minds,
clearly distinguishing and
eliminating.
That is the first state of single-mindedness
that we need to practice. Dear fellow
practitioners, let's
have an
early morning session
focusing on our inner selves
to know the Buddha's mind on the
anniversary of the Buddha's enlightenment. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni.